Text
Target player draws two cards and loses 2 life. Put a bounty counter on up to one target creature an opponent controls.
When Aqualish Bounty Hunter enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. Bounty - Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, target player discards a card.
Haste, Spaceflight
Enchant creature, enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated.
You gain 5 life. You gain 10 life instead if you lost life from a noncombat damage source this turn.
Creatures you control get +2/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.
Flying, Menace
W, T: Tap target nonartifact creature.
Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. Until end of turn, it gets -2,-0 and gains haste.
Enchant creature, enchanted creature can't be blocked. Whenever enchated creature attacks, defending player loses 1 life.
Crossfire deals 4 damage to target creature and 2 damage to that creature's controller.
Whenever Dactillion Scouting Squad blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Menace, Whenever Deceptive Hateflayer attacks, Each opponent loses 2 life.
Trooper creatures you control have vigilance.
Flying, whenver Devoted uvak attacks, target non-Starship creature you control gains flying until end of turn.
When Droid Commando dies, target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. Repair 3
Exile target artifact. Tap any number of other target artifacts.
Exile target creature you control. Return that card to the battlefield under its owners control at the beginning of the next end step.
Trample, 1R: Ewok Firedancers gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
You may play an additional land this turn. Draw a card.
Flash, When Force Adept enters the battlefield, return another target creature you control and target creature you don't control to their owners' hands.
Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn. Scry 1.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1. Hate - If an opponent lost life from a source other than combat this turn, counter that spell instead.
Force Drain deals 2 damage to target creature or player and you gain 2 life. Scry 2.
Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt to target creature or player this turn. Scry 1.
Draw three cards, then put a card from your hand on top of your library.
Destroy target creature with flying or spaceflight. Scry 2.
Put target creature on top of its owner's library, Scry 1.
Choose one - -Force Spark deals 1 damage to target player. Draw a card. -Force Spark deals 1 damage to target creature. Scry 1.
When Gifted Initiate enters the battlefield, you may tap target creature. Meditate - 1W
Whenever Gungan Captain deals damage to a creature, tap that creature. That creature doesn't untap durring its controller's next untap step.
Put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. Draw a card.
Trooper creatures you control get +0/+1.
Trample, Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, put a +1/+1 counter on Hungry Dragonsnake.
B: Imperial Agent gains menace until end of turn.
1,T: Imperial Gunner deals 1 damage to target player or starship.
Insatiable Rakghoul enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if a non-artifact creature died this turn.
Target player discards a card. Then that player discards another card unless he or she pays 3 life.
Defender, Reach. Ion Cannon can block creatures with Spaceflight.
As an additional cost to cast Irresponsible Gambling, discard a card at random. Draw 2 cards.
When Ithorian Initiate enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. if you do, shuffle your library. Meditate 1G.
Target creature gains double strike until end of turn. If that creature is a Jedi or Sith, it also gains trample until end of turn.
W, T: Add GB to your mana pool. U, T: Add GW to your mana pool. G, T: Add WU to your mana pool.
When jedi Instructor enters the battlefield, you may put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature. Meditate - 1W.
Untap target creature. It gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. Scry 1.
Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has first strike. Equip 3. Lightsaber's equip ability costs 1 if it targets a Jedi or Sith.
1G, Sacrifice Loyal Tauntaun: Regenerate target creature.
5GG: Monstrosity 3. Creatures with power less than Mantellian Savrip's power can't block it.
6G: Monstrosity 3. As long as Massiff Swarm is monstrous, it has menace.
When Mon Calamari Initiate enters the battlefield, draw a card. Meditate 1U. 
Spaceflight. Whenever N-1 Starfighter Deals combat damage to a player, you may exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control.
Monstrosity costs you pay cost 1 less. Each creature you control with a +1/+1 country on it has trample.
Target creature you control fights target creature with power less than its power.
When Novice Bounty Hunter enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. Bounty - Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, Novice Bounty Hunter Deals 2 damage to that player.
T: draw a card, then discard a card.
When Outer Rim Slaver enters the battlefield, you may have another target creature you control fights target creature an opponent controls.
B, T: Add RG to your mana pool. R, T: Add BG to your mana pool. G, T: Add BR to your mana pool.
Counter target spell that targets you or a permanent you control.
Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.
Scry 2, then draw a card.
1W: Probe Droid gains flying until end of turn. Repair 3.
Raging Reek attacks each turn if able. 4RR: Monstrosity 2.
Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
Choose target artifact or enchantment. Its owner shuffles it into his or her library.
Destroy target creature . Return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Target creature you control fights another target creature. The creature you control gets  +4/+0 until end of turn before it fights if a creature you control died this turn.
When Salavage Squad enters the battlefield you may sacrifice an artifact. if you do, draw two cards .
Search your library for a land card, put it into the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library. Put a bounty counter on up to one target creature an opponent controls.
Trooper creature you control get +1/+1.
When Security Droid enters the battlefield, put a 1/1 colorless Battle Droid artifact creature token onto the battle field Repair 3.
W, T: Add UB to your mana pool. U, T: WB to your mana pool. B, T: Add WU to your mana poool.
Flash, You may cast Trrooper creature cards as though they had flash.
U, T: Add BR to your mana pool. B, T: Add UR to your mana pool. R, T: Add UB to your mana pool.
Hate - When Sith Inquisitor enters the battlefield, if an opponent lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, target player discards a card at random.
Hate - When Sith Ravager enters the battlefield, if an opponent lost life from a sorce other than combat damage this turn, Sith Ravager gains haste and trample until end of turn.
When Sith Sorcerer enters the battle field Scry 2. Hate - When Sit Sorcerer enters the battlefield, if an opponent lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, draw a card.
Hate - 2U: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if an opponent lost life this turn from a source other than combat damage this turn.
Destroy target artifact. Smash to Smithereens deals 3 damage to that artifact's controller.
Trooper creatures your control have haste.
When Strike Team Commando enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Repair 2 
Put two 1/1 black Starship artifact creature tokens with spaceflight named TIE Fighter onto the battlefield.
Spaceflight. Whenever TIE Interceptor attacks, each opponent loses 2 life.
When Treacherous Bounty Hunter enters the battlefield, sacrifice a creature unless an opponent controls a creature with a bounty counter on it.
Equipped creature gets  +2/+2 and is a Trooper in addition to its other types. Equip 3
When Twi'lek Seductress attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block if able.
Haste, when unstable bomber dies, it deals 3 damage to each player.
Return target creature to its owner's hand. Its controller loses 1 life.
Deathtouch
W, T: Add RG to your mana pool. R, T: Add GW to your mana pool. G, T: Add RW to your mana pool.
5W: Monstrosity 2, When Womp Rat becoms monstrous you gain 2 life.
When Wookiee Bounty Hunter enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. Bounty - Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, you gain 3 life.
T: Add R,G, or W to your mana pool. If that mana is spent on a creature spell, it enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever Wookiee Raidleader attacks, another target creature gains trample until end of turn.
Spaceflight
Spaceflight, Whenver Y-Wing deals combat damage to a player, target creature an opponent controls does't untap durring its controller's next untap step
3RGW: Monstrosity 1. Whenever a creature you control becomes monstrous, it fights target creature an opponent controls.
Non-flying creaturs you control have spaceflight and are Starships in addition to their other types. Whenever two or more Starships you control attack, draw a card.
(Anakin Skywalker) Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Anakin Skywalker.  Sacifice another creature: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.  Activate this ability only as a sorcery.  If Anakin Skywalker would die, regenerate and transform him instead.  (Darth Vader) Menace, Lifelink.  Whenever Darth Vader attacks, creatures defending player controls get -1/-1 until end of turn for each +1/+1 counter on Darth Vader.
T: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool. If you cast a spell this turn, add two mana in any combination of colors instead.
Double Strike, When Asajj Ventress becomes blocked, she gets +1/+1 for each creature blocking her until end of turn.  Hate -- Whenever Asajj Ventress attacks, if an opponent lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, target creature blocks this turn if able.
When this creature dies, put three 1/1 white Trooper creature tokens onto the battlefield.
Trooper creatures you control get +3/+3.
XWW: Monstrosity X, when Bantha Herd becomes monstrous, put X 1/1 white Tusken Raider tokens onto the battlefield.

Flying, At the end of your turn, monstrous creatures you control are no longer monstrous. (They can activate Monstrosity again.)
When Bib Fortuna enters the battlefield, search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.  You lose 2 life.  When Bib Fortuna dies, shuffle your library.
Whenever a creature you control dies, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, draw a card.
Enchant creature, Enchanted creature has "Whenever this creature attacks, each other creature you control gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is this creature's power."
Flying, Haste, When Boba Fett enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, untap all creatures you control.  If it's your turn, after this phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.
Destroy all non-Starship creatures.
Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, if you control five or more lands, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, you may search your library for a basic land and put that card onto the battlefield tapped.  Then shuffle your library.
T: Untap target land.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, untap Bounty Collector.
T: Bounty Sniper deals 1 damage to target creature.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, untap Bounty Sniper.
Bounty Spotter doesn't untap during your untap step.  T: Put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, untap Bounty Spotter.
Equipped creature has "2, T: This creature deals 2 damage to target creature or player.  If equipped creature is a Wookiee, deal 3 damage instead."  Equip 2
Bright Tree Village enters the battlefield tapped.  When Bright Tree Village enters the battlefield, add G to your mana pool.  T: Add R or W to your mana pool.
Trample, 5GG: Monstrosity 3, As long as Bull Rancor is monstrous, creatures you control have menace.
When C-3PO and R2D2 leaves the battlefield, gain 4 life and draw a card.  Repair 2
Enchant creature, You control enchanted creature.  Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
Vigilance, Whenever Chewbacca attacks or blocks, another target creature you control gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Chewbacca's power.
Whenever an Ewok you control dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target Ewok.  2RGW: Monstrosity 2, When Chief Chirpa becomes monstrous, put three 1/1 green Ewok creature tokens onto the battlefield.
Non-token Troopers you control have "At the beginning of your endstep, put a 1/1 white Trooper creature token onto the battlefield."
Put target attacking creature on the bottom of its owner's library.  Its controller gains life equal to its toughness.
(+1): Up to one target creature's power becomes 0 until your next turn.  (-3): Sacrifice an artifact.  If you do, put X 1/1 colorless Battle Droid artifact creature tokens onto the battlefield, where X is that artifact's converted mana cost.  (-6): Target player's life total becomes 5.  Another target player's life total becomes 30.
Target opponent sacrifices a creature, discards three cards, then loses 5 life.  You return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand, draw three cards, then gain 5 life.
Choose one -- -Target player sacrifices a creature.  -Counter target noncreature spell  -Cruelty of the Sith deals 3 damage to target player. That player discards a card.
Target player reveals his or her hand.  You choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.  You may cast that card and may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast it.
Hate -- At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, Dark Apprenticeship deals 2 damage to each opponent.
Search your library for a card and exile it.  Until end of turn you may play that card.  Shuffle your library.
Trooper creatures you control have flying.
Double Strike, Haste,  Hate -- Whenever Darth Maul attacks, if an opponent lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, target creature can't block this turn.
(+1): You get an emblem with "At the beginning of your upkeep, you may draw a card.  If you do, discard a card."  (-2): You get an emblem with "At the beginning of your upkeep, deal 1 damage to target creature or player."  (-9): Target opponent gets an emblem with "Whenever you cast a spell, lose life equal to its converted mana cost."
Trooper creatures you control have deathtouch.
All non-artifact creatures get -X/-X until end of turn.
Put three 1/1 white Trooper creature tokens onto the battlefield.
5W: Monstrosity 2.  When Dewback Rider becomes monstrous, put two 1/1 white Trooper creature tokens onto the battlefield.
Destroy target nonblack creature.
Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has double strike.  Equip 4,  Double-Bladed Lightsaber's equip ability costs 1 if it targets a Jedi or Sith.
T: Add C to your mana pool.  T, Sacrafice Droid Factory: Search your library for a basic Plains, Island, or Swamp card and put it onto the battlefield tapped.  Then shuffle your library.
Droid Foundry enters the battlefield tapped.  When Droid Foundry enters the battlefield, add U to your mana pool.  T: Add W or B to your mana pool.
2U: Change a target of target spell or ability to Droideka.  Repair 3
Creatures you control have trample and get +X/+X, where X is the number of creatures you control.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may destroy target creature with a bounty counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, deal 1 damage to target creature or player.
Whenever you cast a spell, lose life equal to its converted mana cost.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may draw a card.  If you do, discard a card.
At the beginning or your upkeep, exile target permanent.  Gain life equal to its converted mana cost, you do.

Destroy target permanent.  Its controller puts three 1/1 green Ewok creatures onto the battlefield.
Flash, Reach, Exogorth can block creatures with spaceflight.
Choose one -- -Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.  -Destroy target nonland permanent with converted mana cost 3 or less.  -Copy target instant or sorcery spell.  You may choose new targets for the copy.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile a card from your graveyard.  If you do, put a charge counter on Flames of Rememberance.  Sacrifice Flames of Rememberance: Exile the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of charge counters on Flames of Rememberance.  Until end of turn you may play cards exiled this way.
Force Lighting deals X damage to target creature or player.  Scry X.
At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand.  You gain life equal to its converted mana cost.
Force Scream deals 2 damage to each creature and each player.  Scry 1.



Put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls.  Destroy target creature.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponenet's control, Gamorrean Prison Guard fights that creature.
Double Strike,  Whenever another creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on General Grievous.  Remove two +1/+1 counters from General Grievous: Return General Grievous to its owner's hand.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, destroy target creature that player controls unless that player pays 2 life.  If a player pays life this way, draw a card.
Trample, XXRGW: Monstrosity X  When Greater Krayt Dragon becomes monstrous, draw a card for each +1/+1 counter on creatures you control.
Creatures blocking or blocked by Greedo have first strike.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, Greedo gains first strike until end of turn.
Creatures you control have XXG: Monstrosity X.
Haste  4R: Monstrosity 3.  When Gundark becomes monstrous, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
First Strike,  At the beginning of each combat, target Starship you control gets +2/+2 and gains haste until end of turn.
Each creature your opponents control with a bounty counter on it gets -1/-1.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, you may put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls.
Activated abilities of creatures you control cost 1 less to activate.  This cannot reduce the amount of mana an ability costs to activate to less than 1.  Activated abilities of creatures your opponents control cost 1 more to activate.
Put a bounty counter on up to one target creature an opponent controls.  Hunt to Extinction deals X damage to each creature.  Hunt to Extinction deals an additional X damage to each creature with a bounty counter on it.
Hutt Crime Lord enters the battlefield with a bounty counter on it.
When Images of the Past enters the battlefield, exile target creature card from your graveyard.  At the beginning of your upkeep, return a card exiled with Images of the Past to the battlefield under your control, then exile that card.
1B, T: Look at the top card of target player's library.  You may put that card into that player's graveyard.
Hate -- At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, put a 2/2 red Soldier creature token with prowess named Royal Guard onto the battlefield.



Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, put a loyalty counter on Jabba.  (+1): You may put a bounty counter on up to one target creature an opponent controls.  (-2): Jabba deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target creatures and/or players.  (-8): You get an emblem with "At the beginning of your upkeep, you may destroy target creature with a bounty counter on it."
Jabba's Palace enters the battlefield tapped.  When Jabba's Palace enters the battlefield, add R to your mana pool.  T: Add B or G to your mana pool.
Flying, Haste, Whenever Jango Fett attacks, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls.  Whenever Jango Fett attacks, it deals X damage to defending player and target creature he or she controls, where X is the number of creatures defending player controls with a bounty counter on them.
Jar Jar Binks can't block.  When Jar Jar Binks enters the battlefield, an opponent gains control of it.  At the beginning of combat on your turn, tap the creature you control with the highest power.  If two or more creatures are tied for the greatest power, you choose one of them.
Lifelink  When Jedi Battle Healer enters the battlefield, gain 3 life.  Meditate 1W
When Jedi Battle Mage enters the battlefield, tap target creature an oppnonent controls.  That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.  Meditate 1U
Flash  When Jedi Battle Sage enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.  Meditate 1G
T: Add C to your mana pool.  T: Sacrifice Jedi Enclave: Search your library for a basic Forest, Plains, or Island card and put it onto the battlefield tapped.  Then shuffle your library.
When Jedi Knight leaves the battlefield, return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.  Meditate 1U
Enchant non-Jedi, non-Sith creature.  You control enchanted creature.
Spaceflight  When Jedi Starfighter enters the battlefield, target creature gains spaceflight until end of turn.  Meditate 1W
Jedi Temple enters the battlefield tapped.  When Jedi Temple enters the battlefield, add W to your mana pool.  T: Add G or U to your mana pool.
Jedi spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.  Meditate costs you pay cost 1 less.  Whenever a Jedi you control meditates, draw a card.
T: Add C to your mana pool.  T: Sacrifice Jungle Village: Search your library for a basic Mountain, Forest, or Plains card and put it onto the battlefield tapped.  Then shuffle your library.
T: Add C to your mana pool.  T: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.  Spend this mana only to cast a Trooper spell.  5, T: Put a 1/1 white Trooper creature token onto the battlefield.
Flying, Whenever LAAT Gunship attacks, put a 1/1 white Trooper creature token onto the battlefield.  2W: LAAT Gunship loses flying and gains spaceflight until end of turn.
Prowess, At the beginning of each combat, target Starship you control gets +2/+2 and gains vigilance until end of turn.
As an additional cost to cast Legacy of the Beloved, sacrifice a creature.  Search your library for up to two creature cards that each have a lower converted mana cost than the sacrificed creatures's and put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.
Counter target spell.  Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is that spell's converted mana cost.
Lightning Bolt deals 3 damage to target creature or player.
Lifelink, Vigilance, Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Luke Skywalker.  Remove all +1/+1 counters from Luke Skywalker: Luke Skywalker gains hexproof until end of turn.
Flash, when Mace Windu enters the battlefield, return target spell or permanent to its owner's hand.  Meditate 1U
Whenever a repair counter is removed from an exiled card you own, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.  Repair 2
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove an additional repair counter from each exiled card you own.  Starships you control have repair 6.
Remove all repair counters from each exiled card you own.  You may cast each card with a repair counter removed this way without paying its mana cost until end of turn.  Draw a card.
Choose one --  - Exile target artifact or enchantment.  - Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.  - Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to three target creatures.
Flash, Spaceflight, When Millenium Falcon enters the battlefield you may exile any number of non-Starship creatures you control, then return those cards to the battlefield under your control.
Return target creature card from your graveyard to your battlefield.  Put a +1/+1 counter on it.
T: Add C to your mana pool.  Whenever you play another land, put a charge counter on Moisture Farm.  Remove a charge counter from Moisture Farm, T: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.



When Mouse Droid dies, draw a card.  Repair 3
Spaceflight, Whenever Naboo Royal Starship deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.
Hexproof, Deathtouch  2G: Monstrosity 1  When Nexu Stalker becomes monstrous, target creature blocks it this turn if able.
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.  1, T: Sacrifice a non-token artifact: Put a 1/1 colorless Battle Droid artifact creature token onto the battlefield.
Flash,  When Obi-Wan Kenobi enters the battlefield, you may return a creature you control to its owner's hand.  If that creature was attacking, Obi-Wan Kenobi enters the battlefield tapped and attacking, and any creatures that were blocking that creature instead block Obi-Wan Kenobi.  Meditate 1W
Put a bounty counter on each creature you don't control, then destroy all creatures you don't control.



You may activate meditate abilities any time you could cast an instant.  Meditate 1W
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.  Double the number of +1/+1 counters on target creature.
When Princess Leia enters the battlefield, put three 1/1 white Rebel creature tokens onto the battlefield.  Princess Leia gets +1/+1 for each other Rebel you control.  Other Rebels you control get +1/+1.
When Private Contract enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on up to two target creatures your opponents control.  Bounty -- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, each opponent loses 2 life.  You gain life equal to the life lost this way.
When Qui-Gon Jinn enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.  Meditate 1G
1G, Sacrifice another creature: Monstrosity 3.  When Ravenous Wampa becomes monstrous, you gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness.

Vigilance,  4W: Monstrosity 2.  When RIding Ronto becomes monstrous, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Whenever Rocket Trooper or another Trooper enters the battlefield under your control, it deals 1 damage to target creature or player.
T: add C to your mana pool. 4, T: Target creature can't be blocked this turn.
Prowess
As long as you control exactly two creature, those creatures get +1/+0 and hace deathtouch and lifelinnk.
When Rumor Monger enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on up to two target your opponent control. Bounty- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, you may choose target creature with one or more bounty counters on it, remove all counters from it, destroy it.
Choose target permanent an opponent controls. That opponent chooses a permanent you control. Flip a coin. If you win the flip, gain control of the permanent you chose. If you lose the flip, your opponent gains control of the permanent they chose.
Discard two cards: Put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. Remove a bounty counter from a creature an opponent controls: Draw a card.
Defender, Hexproof   RG, Sacrifice a land: Monstrosity 1. As long as Sarlacc Pit is monstrous, it loses hexproof and it has first strike and deathtouch.
As long as you control four or more creatures, creatures you control get +1/+1.
Spells you cast that target a creature an opponent controls cost 1 less to cast. Spells your opponents cast that target a creature you control cost 1 more to cast.
At the beginning of each combat, target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever you draw a card, you gain 2 life.
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, each opponent loses 2 life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Shmi Skywalker and put five 1/1 white Tusken Raider tokens onto the battlefield.
Trooper creatures you control get +2/+0.
Put four +1/+1 counters on the creature with highest power. If two or more creatures are tied for the greatest power, you choose one of them. That creature gains trample until end of turn.
Hate -- When Sith Assassin enters the battlefield, if an opponenet lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, destroy target creature.
Sith Citadel enters the battlefield tapped. When Sith Citadel enters the battlefield, add B to your mana pool. T: Add U or R to your mana pool.
Hate -- When Sith Lord enters the battlefield, if an opponenet lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, destroy target creature. Put X +1/+1 counters on Sith Lord, where X is that creature's power.
Hate -- At the beginning of each combat, if an opponenet lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, return target creature card from a graveyard to the battlefield under your control. It gains lifelink and haste. Exhile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield.
When Sith Manipulator enters the battlefield, return target target creature to its owner's hand. Hate- If an opponenet lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, put that card on top of its owners library instead.
Hate -- When Sith Marauder enters the battlefield, if an opponenet lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, Sith marauder deals 3 damage to target creature or player.
Hate -- When Sith Mindseer enters the battlefield, if an opponenet lost life from a source other than combat damage this turn, gain control of target creature for as long as sith mindseer remains on the battlefield.
T: Add C to your mana pool. T, Sacrifice Sith Ruins: Search your library for a basic Island, Swamp, or Mountain card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.
Spaceflight, When Slave I enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. Bounty- Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a bounty counter on it dies, put two +1/+1 counters on Slave I
Troopers creatures you control have first strike
Spaceflight 3U: Draw a card. 2B: Put a 1/1 black Starship artifact creature token with spaceflight named TIE Fighter onto the battlefield. 2R: Star Destroyer deals 2 damage to target creature or player.
Untap all creatures you control. Creatures your opponents control get -2/-0 until end of turn.



Whenever Tank Droid enters the battlefield, attacks, blacks or dies, put a 1/1 colorless Battle Droid artifact creature token onto the battlefield. Repair 3
Trample Terentatek enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature your opponents control. Remove all +1/+1 counters from Terentatek: Terentatek gains haste and get +2/+2 until end of turn for each counter removed this way.
Put X 1/1 green Ewok creature tokens onto the battlefield. Put X +1/+1 counters on each creature you control. Creatures you control gain trample until end of turn.
The Battle of Geonosis deals X damage to each opponent and each creature you don't control. Creatures you control get +X/+0 until end of turn.
Put X 4/4 white artifact AT-AT creature tokens onto the battlefield with "When this creature dies, put three 1/1 white Trooper creature tokens onto the battlefield."
Return X target creatures to their owner's hands. Draw X cards.
For each nonland permanent target opponent controls, that player sacrifices it unless he or she pays X life
T: Add C to your mana pool. 2, T: Put a charge counter on The Death Star. T, Remove three charge counters from The Death Star: Destroy target permanent. T, Remove ten charge counters from The Death Star: Destroy target player.
Spaceflight
Spaceflight Droid creatures you control get +1/+1 T: Put two 1/1 colorless Battle Droid artifact creature tokens onto the battlefield.
Spaceflight Repair 3

Trooper creatures you control have trample

1, T, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance. Whever enchanted creature attacks, put a 1/1 green Ewok token onto the battlefield tapped and attacking. Whenever enchanted creature blocks a creature, put a 1/1 green Ewok token onto the battlefield blocking that creature.
T: Add C to your mana pool. T, Sacrifice Underworld Slums: Search your library for a basic Swamp, Mountain, or Forest card and put it onto the battlefield apped. Then shuffle your library.
Choose one-- -Destroy target nonartifact creature. -Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains lifelink until end of turn. -Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
When Unruly Sureshot enters the battlefield, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. 3R: Unruly Sureshot deals 2 damage to target creature with a bounty counter on it.
Flying T, Sacrifice an artifact: Return target nonland card from your graveyard to your hand. T: Remove a repair counter from each exiled card you own.
Monstrosity costs you pay cost 2 less. Whenever a creature you control becomes monstrous, put an additional +1/+1 counter on that creature.
(+1):Put a 1/1 green ewok token onto the battlefield. (-X):Target creature gets +X/+X and gains double strike until end of turn. (-6):You get an emblem with "Creatures you control have trample and get +X/+X, where X is the number of creatures you control."
Choose one-- -Counter target creature spell. -Prevent all damage that would be dealt to players this turn. -Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn
(+1):Exhile another target permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's controll at the beginning of its controller's next end step.(-1):Reveal the top card of your library and put that card into you hand. You gain life equal to its converted mana cost. (-8): You get an emblem with "At the beginning of your upkeep, exhile target permanent. Gain life equal to its converted mana cost, you do."
When you cast Zam Wesell, target opponent reveals his or her hand. You may choose a creature card from it and have Zam Wesell enter the battlefield as a copy of that creature card.